Gracie Hong
Assignment 6 

CONCEPT: The data I collected is about different drinks, including coffee, water, juice, tea, and bubble tea, that I drink in a week. I got sugar and coffeine addiction. When i feel stressful and unhappy, I need some sweet things to calm down. It's gradually become my habit, preparing a dinrk when i start learning or working on school projects, and I drink coffee every morning. I actually donot need coffee, because i got enough sleeping hours. However, my behavior of buying coffee, drinks is like the automatic unconsciousness action that i need to do everyday. So, I want to alter my habit to fix my sugar and caffeien addiction. I start to notice and control my sugar and caffeine intake, and I record the data in one week. My final goal is to remove most of my desire for drinks whenever I start working.


READING GUIDELINE: Different colors present the different type of drinks. The big circle each represent Monday to Sunday, showing the amount of sugar intake and also showing the correspondingly pressure level I have in a week. The desire that I want to drink something sweet has a strong connection with my pressure level of school's project. The two red circle is the day I have the highest pressure in a week, because usually these two days will accumulate a lot of works to do. The blue square on the Botton labelling "W" means I wish I can mostly drink water in daily life in the future. The red rays means the spreading pressure level. The group of red square floating on the lop shows I usually drink the drinks in the daytime.


My design process: firstly, I decided what information i include in my data visualization, list all the data that i collected and classify them. Secondly, I start to think about how to show the complexity and the interactions between the data informations. Lastly, I use differents shapes, circle, lines, and squares to visualize the data. Also, I use the words "W" and the background color alteration, showing from daytime to nighttime. At start, I'd like to use a dendrogram to express, the proliferation of my desires and pressures, but this situation would make my data visualization lose more accurate information.

During data visualization, I gain the complexity, the inner connection between two different informtaion, pressure level and sugar intake level. However, I lost the accuracy of time and action. when I drink the coffee? when I drink the juice? I think I can work more on the time accuracy and develop the emotion-related more deeply.